Create requirements.txt (#10479)
signalapp/Signal-Android: requirements.txt

> //this file will contain the list of dependencies and tools required to deploy the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//this file contains the list of dependencies and tools required to deploy the application

<Add actual dependencies and requirements>
```
